Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create a widget in order to play the uploaded video.
Okay, not to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VR record.
Now, you can see over here we are using a stock widget and the reason for this tag is we want the rest
widget.
So be on top of the video widget and you can see we have not done it yet and we said we're going to
do it later.
Okay.
So in this lecture we are going to implement this.
Now to do this, we can then use control B to make this more like in and over this widgets that we we're
going to create a new PHI and we're going to call this video player.
I tend.
Then the section.
Dodge Dart.
Okay.
Now we are going to be using the in estates and in artesian estates.
We then need to use a stateful widget and as well we can call this video player I ten and now we need
to alight and then use control dots in that same part the material that that package.
Okay.
Now over here, we we're going to need to create a lead variable that's this.
We don't we don't want to initialize it at this time.
And it's going to be a type of video play the controller and we can't as we'll call this video player
controller, we can just call it controller.
Okay.
And now we can then use the init states.
Okay, we can get rid of this.
And.
We encore dad video player.
Video player controller Deron Williams is according to the video.
Okay, now we are initializing this video player.
Controller.
Controller, dot network.
Okay.
I'm just going to do this again.
Call the video player.
Then Dot network.
You can see this is a network.
Video.
You can see it has the ace2 tipi.
If you want to play a video from your your diet, you probably have the video in a folder.
This is going to be darts assets.
You can see how powerful the video player package is, but this is going to be Dot's network.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can we're going to make this dynamic.
So whenever we call this video player item, we're gonna need to pass in the valley.
Now, this is going to get confused at this stage, but in the next picture, you're going to see this
fully.
Okay.
So what we can do is we're going to create a finer variable and there's going to be a type of string
and we can call this video URL.
You can see that's what we have over here.
Okay.
And we can.
This is equal to.
Sorry.
Okay.
We need to pass it on to the constructor does okay creates conceptual final fields you can see it automatically
passes the required if when there is a you don't have it you can just how this so yours okay I think
is because I'm using the 3.0.0.
I know that test is this top level variable we need to say.
Widgets.
We did then.
That's the URL.
Okay.
And now we can then say dots.
Dots.
Dot initialize.
I think in the end I think we have something like that.
ACC This is going to be to dot.
Because it is going to start in the.
Okay.
And we can see again dots.
Then we want something to happen and we can just take this on this line and this way.
And what's happened is we're going to call the video.
Controller.
Then we want to play the video.
And as well, they're going to call the video controller.
And that said volume.
And isn't to say one k.
Okay.
That's what we can call the video controller.
Video controller.
And then she said, look, in the true we're not going to do this because we just want the video to
play once and for right.
We're going to continue playing it all the time again.
Okay.
Now what we have to do now.
Yes.
We're just going to go with the container and.
We also need to dispose this, right, so we can have the dispose.
And you really know what this does.
Remember whenever I start playing the video, when the video isn't in the state, right.
We are basically using the interstate.
And the reasons for this in this state is we want this trigger or this amendment will visit the video
screen page.
Right.
Okay.
And even if we go from this screen, the video is still going to continue playing.
So that's why we need to call this video controller.
Video controller and does this pose okay?
We also need to do this for the second mission.
And.
The noise.
You're not going to see this because you know, you're not going to see diluted narratives in the future
when you're not in the screen.
What's behind this scene is still rotating.
So we need to also dispose this.
You're going to know if it was a video.
Okay.
So called the dispose as well.
This post.
Okay, great.
Okay.
And now we can continue on for Andy.
So we can see this is the design for each video.
Okay.
Now, all we can do is we can give it to this container and we want the video to take the full size
of our screen.
So to do that, what we need to do is to say.
Media query out of context, the size, the wheat.
So this is going to give us the full weight of our screen and as well we also need the height.
So we also an individual to take the full height of our screen, lots of contests.
The size.
That's height.
Sorry.
Not as good not to host code.
Okay.
And now we can all the decoration.
So you just give this video a black background so you can see color and colors, darts, black.
And now we can then have the child.
The child is going to be video player because we definitely want to play the video video player.
And now we need to call the video, control our video.
Okay.
This is basically it.
Now, we can use this to make sure this fire safe.
Okay.
Now, all we have to do now is to go back to the video screen and overlay.
Now this is the first we get, so the rest we get are going to be what's on top of this.
And now we can then caught that video.
Video player, I-10.
Now you can see it wants this to pass the value to this.
Now, in this lecture, what are you going to need to do is we are going to we are referred to fridge
the over here you can see we have ready fetch.
Sorry.
Nobody.
We already fetch the videos, right?
So in this lecture, we are going to be able to display them a case.
And in this lecture we are going to pass the value to this video URL by for all we can do is additional
color and what we can also do.
Okay, we can just command this off.
For now.
Okay.
So when you started this, you're not going to get an error.
So you can make sure you kind of commit this out for now and.
Overall, what you can observe is over.
This video pretend you can just see it can it can be no wish Ms. would already need to pass a value
and you can then get rid of.
They required.
I think we need.
Okay.
This is going to be okay.
We did we get we get we get that video URL and we need to add this.
Okay.
Well, we're just going to go back to what it was.
Video.
Video player controller.
Okay.
So we went back to what it was and over here what we simply did was he just committed towns.
Then in this picture we are finally going to fetch our so fanatical to display the first videos of you
guys seeing in this lecture.